on today's text bak we are having a look
at the Innotech wireless keyboard when
you get the keyboard it comes in a
standard a cardboard box with initech on
the front there on the back of the
package WWE tech comm for more
information and the latest products to
open this up just take the flash here
and pull it out and you've got yourself
the keyboard just put to the side and
the section on the back is your battery
compartment and it also comes with your
instruction guide getting a better look
to the contents you get yourself your
instruction manual showing you how to
install the batteries and how to pair it
with Bluetooth enabled devices own show
you how that it works is a second you
also have your main keyboard which is
very light in in weight and you have the
raised keys which is the real selling
point for me on this touch base on that
in a second flipper on the back section
here and the back of batteries can be
added no batteries are included but the
batteries can be added in the top
section here it houses to triple-a
batteries pairing the wireless keyboard
is extremely easy all you have to do is
flip around to the back and make sure
that you have the keyboard switched to
on once it's switched to on all you have
to do is press connect to and connect it
to a bluetooth-enabled device you'll
know it's also pairing when you have
that blue flashing light flashing on the
front top of the keyboard then grab
whatever device you want to pair the
keyboard to go into your settings and
you want to go down to bluetooth
currently it will look for the device
and in this case it has detected the
device in a tech BK one
00 to click on it when pairing the
device you might come across a message
saying enter a code on the keyboard
followed by the enter key so in this
case the pairing code is 7244 followed
by the enter key and just like that the
keyboard is now connected to your device
the keyboard is extremely permitting of
course spots abilities to type is
extremely responsive and fast when
typing well yes you could use it
theoretically as well with things like
iPhones just by the sheer size of how
big of the iphone is situations such as
the ipad on the other hand it gives you
a big enough workspace they're gonna
screen when you include things like
wireless keyboard you've got instantly
got yourself a desk typing area going
back though to the real selling point of
this particular keyboard above and
beyond the idea that it's just a really
light keyboard for travel I love the
fact that the keys are raised a lot of
times when you get a portable wireless
keyboard sometimes the keys are just a
one flat single surface I prefer the
feeling as if I'm actually typing the
keys I I mean I I grew up you know with
school keyboards so for me I like a
physical key rather than just a flat
surface the keys are very easy to use
there are a good large enough space to
as well that I don't feel like I'm
fighting and I max line going to be
typing the wrong keys today's tech spot
we were looking at the end of tech VK
100 tui bluetooth keyboard certainly
stay tuned guys spots gonna have more
text spots heading your way thanks for
watching as you always do I'll see you
guys next time
ah